Business Problem Name:
	Where to rent small start-up office within Toronto?

Audience:
	Small companies/start-ups wanting to set up office in Toronto.

Background & Criteria:
	In order to be attractive for prospective employees in addition to be close to public transport (subway) there should be enough attractive amenities around the office.
	Office needs to be walking distance from any Toronto Subway station (0-400m)
	There have to be enough breakfast, coffee and lunch places around.
	Cost of the office space needs to be taken into account.
	There should be leisure/recreational venues in vicinity (gym etc).


Data to be used:
Foursquare location data and cost of office spaces in Toronto split by sub-areas(main 3 areas) from
https://www.statista.com/statistics/802500/asking-rent-per-sf-office-space-toronto-by-submarket/

Steps
1. get list and locations of all subway stations in Toronto - Foursquare
2. get list of food/drink/recreational venues around stations' locations - (walking distance from station radius) - Foursquare
3. cluster locations with similar types of venues - explore various clustering methods
4. select largetst clusters and only locations with required facilities
5. develop criteria/weights to best score each neighbourhood around station e.g. breakfast, coffee shop, fast food/lunch, gym etc 
	- types of venues – variety 
	- required venues – number
	- required venues - popularity
	- office space cost
6. shortlist 5 best locations selected using scored locations.

Methodology
Majority of data for the project was pulled from Foursquare - all popular venues around available metro stations.
Venues which are not in scope/important for the purpose of project were removed from the lists. 
Remaining venues were used for further analysis.
In addition to venues station location category (Downtown, Midtown and Suburb) was used as one of clustering variables.
Top 5 venues were examined in each location and top 15 were saved for further analysis.
4 different clustering methods were attempted to see if they produce different results.
- K-means
- Agglomerative Clustering
- Affinity Propagation
- Mean Shift
All of those were set/tuned to produce 5 clusters. Although different methods were used all produced similar results
ie. 3 large clusters and 2 very small ones.
For further analysis only locations from larger (more than 5 elements) clusters were used.
Also, only locations with had all required types of venues were selected from each clustering method output.
Those required types were:
- coffee place
- breakfast/lunch/fast food place
- restaurant/bar/pub
- fitness venue/gym 

Output from each clustering method produced identical list of venues.

Those were then scored using the following method:
- each coffee and breakfast/lunch/fast food place got 0.5 points
- each gym/fitness location got 1 point
- each restaurant/bar/pub got 1 point
- other venues from top 15 were given 0.25 points
To take into account distance from city center the score were divided by it - ie further the distance, lower the score.
Also score was divided by the average cost of office space in each location category.

Top 5 locations with highest scores were shortlisted.

Results
Top 5 locations with highest scores
Station Name			Station locationDistance	Score
St Andrew Subway Station	Downtown	0.71169		0.048564
Wellesley Subway Station	Downtown	1.266635	0.025987
St. George Subway Station	Downtown	1.839471	0.018789
Bloor-Yonge Subway Station	Downtown	1.869679	0.016725
Pape Subway Station		Suburb		4.475966	0.012758


Obeservations
Different clustering methods delivered very similar clusters and the final lists were exactly the same from all of them.
There were some clusters with single stations which were not that dramatically different from the other ones.


